here's what happened round two of the
s-1 supermoto World Championship at
Romania at the circuit of our ad man who
permanent on the shr TM grabbed the
holeshot that Thomas sure Aaron had to
ensure air just behind with even lat
cerini just behind those guys the number
30 in fourth place noting that it was
Herman ensure air advan sherer that
Serena kromagg leah and corona tov down
in sixth position as thomas sherer
challenge for the lead on lap two on the
number 40 n even that Serena though was
just what keeping a watching brief
behind these guys in the background
there in fourth position as man who
Herman and came under pressure from
Thomas charette tamashiro then bound
away down the inside emerged at the
other side as the new race leader even
that Serena down in fourth giving chase
as we go on board with him down the
start/finish line it came through the
first couple of corners and the yellow
flags are waving that was man in
permanent just the other side of the
deck he crashed out a second place so he
got promoted to third did that Serena
number five Adrian sherer was pushed up
to second position panda Hermant was
forced to charge through the field on
the SH rtn try and pick up as many
points as possible but a number for
Thomas Rhett potentially opened out a
comfortable margin and he went on to win
race number one ad ranchera second
that's or any third mount hermon in the
spore in race two it was another good
start from Mount Hermon it as he
launched himself down into turn one just
like he did in moto number one tamashiro
a second let Serena though grab the
advantage took bird from Adrian shares
they disappeared through the first
couple of corners but once again it was
man who permanent and Thomas Sherer was
almost like a carbon copy of the start
of moto number one the only difference
between lat Sirenia found his way into
third place adren shadow was looking a
little bit desperate tried to make a
move and he felt add a fourth place
trying to find a way past latter Enoch
that gave him number 30 lat serenely a
load of brilliance pace
Manu herbatint we're starting to pull
away as Thomas sherer fell from second
on the face of the jump that allowed a
whole bunch of riders to go past
including lat cirini and perennial top
and came up Tommy Sherer remounted in
sixth place Manu Herbert was in fighting
form though battle for second and shooed
between the Italian lat cerini fellow
countryman mystery bag lea and thomas
sure ayrshire air made light work of
ravu glia when he made a mistake himself
granite off and kmart battled over
fourth and fifth place but in the
closing stages and with two laps to go
even that Serena number 30 was under
pressure and eventually got past there
by the number four thomas sherer that
puts her out into second position on the
number for visit machine matter home
remote rounded out the final turn he
took the checkered flag he was the
winner in moto number two and just
behind him a few seconds back the number
four of Thomas Rhett on the TM factory
by came over the light nursing an
injured shoulder but second was good
enough for him to win the overall grand
prix for the podium then our ad in
Romania look like this third overall for
the el 30 racing machine of even that
Serena Hermann mo second shrt m thomas
sure Etienne fetch array sink was your
overall win of course he continues to
lead the championship extend his lead
214 as well over Herman as they go to
sauce and over the next round in the
Czech Republic
and as in my shoes you feel about that
in the second moto I made a mistake
behind matter hermelin and I fell so
then I had to pass everybody to get back
to second and to try and find a route to
the podium finally I've got the podium
and I still have the red plate so we'll
see you all at the next race in salsa
nova